But ordinary people
Locals don't want to compete with mortals
Remove your memory
Ah!
What's wrong with me?
Oh, dear.
Hey, Mr. Zhang
Excuse me?
I didn't mean to.
Just call me to defend the city in the future
Things are settled here
Drive it away
My twin children belong to Young Master Qin
Whatever you are, just take him with you
This Master Xuanyang has not yet reckoned with your sin of rudeness
How could you leave so rashly
Master, my Qin family requests that you immediately convict me
The useless Zhang Shoucheng, this physical child, is the same
This guard is getting more and more rude
Master, you can't let him go
Your practice is shallow
To be free of memory with mortals
There are some things that I can't mention to you.
Punish Mr. Zhang
Don't say another word.
Hey, preach to the ancestors
Don't be soft on this trash!
Chiwa
You have survived until now because of Mr. Zhang's kindness
If you speak rudely to Mr. Zhang again
Don't blame me for being rude to you.
you
Speaking for a porter
You're being rude to me.
You wait for me.
I, Qin Yu, will make you look good
How dare you go against heaven and earth
courting death breeze
Don't be rude in front of Zhang Tiansheng
Mr. Zhang is armed and everything is up to me
If you don't want to stay long
Go down the mountain to rest
strange
Why are the two masters suddenly so respectful to you?
Maybe their conscience found out
Hey, leave it alone.
Let's go down the mountain
What are you so proud of?
Climate Shuanger or Qin Shao
Pardon me?
There is only one fashion for air tickets.
This